Don't say that.
You should have said the same thing.
But it's a question.
What are you talking about?
Don't say that.
I don't want to be rejected.
I don't like to be rejected either.
I'm not a child.
What is this?
Don't make a fool of me.
I'll never do that.
Everyone things wrongly.
Now I only care about my own six children.
You're telling me that they are dead.
Dear Email Machine
Hi, machine.
M in the schooling
Hey, M.
Ready, wait.
Everything is going to be fine.
You should call the government and ask for a good price.
I want you to ask for a good price.
You can't ask for a good price.
You should ask for a good price.
If you ask for a good price, you'll get a good price.
I'm sorry.
He's having a funeral.
The lilies have evolved.
Both the lily and the little one
are fucking here.
Three is the
sea, one for me and another one for you.
Cool.
These two are like pictures.
I want to drink and treat you like a turtle.
Hahaha!
I'm happy to hear that.
Please visit my house.
Where is your house?
Asakusa Fukuichou is a nice place.
The house in front of my house is called Asakusa Fukuichou.
And Takasamochou is also nice.
And Kikosetsu-cho, Midori-cho are nice places.
I'm glad that you are happy to be with me.
I'm happy to hear that you are happy.
I'm happy to hear that you are happy to be with me.
You are smiling like a rich man.
I don't know what you are talking about.
Hey, don't touch my hair.
This is my fortune.
I have one thing to tell you.
I don't know if you will give me this.
I just saw a face that looked like a fortune.
I've never seen such a face before.
Which one is that?
That's my wife.
That's my husband.
I think that's a fortune.
I have a business.
But I don't want to remember the fortune.
Hey, don't touch my hair.
I'm not happy to be told that I have a business.
I'm happy to hear that.
Thank you, I'm happy.
Here is my fortune.
I'm very happy to have you here.